---
authors: ["kokkos-team"]
title: "Kokkos developers meeting 2026"
date: "2025-11-26"
tags: ["Kokkos", "event"]
---

# Developers meeting 26

After the release of the Kokkos Ecosystem 5.0.0 the developers will meet this year to discuss what the new priorities will be for the evolution of the project and its libraries.

## Events Details

Dates: March 9th to 13th
Location: Sandia NM, Albuquerque, New Mexico

## Who attends?

This meeting is dedicated to the Kokkos developers team and will be available by invitation only.

## Agenda

### Monday

Morning
* Team arrival

Afternoon
* Welcoming remarks
* Overview of the agenda
* Hackathons:
  * Documentation
  * Kokkos Tools

### Tuesday

Morning
* MDRange Policy performance discussion, will include online participants as well
* HPSF update, what have we accomplished, what do we want to work on for the upcoming year?

Afternoon
* Kokkos Core interoperability
  * Part 1: Fortran / Python
  * Part 2: How do we use MDSpan with Core, Kernels, etc...

Evening
* Social Event: Bowling

### Wednesday

Morning - Working groups discussion
* New training and eductional material WG (with Paul Z. online)
* Build and packaging working group report
* CI working group report
* Interaction with HPSF working groups (Benchmark, CI, Binary, Outreach...)

Afternoon
* Group picture
* NextSilicon update
  * Core backend
  * BLAS library
  * How the co-design effort works with NS

Evening
* Social Event: Hiking

### Thursday

Morning 
* Release retrospective
* Package versioning in the Ecosystem
* Ecosystem scope discussion
  * What current project are at what level?
  * What new project might join? Cabana, ArborX

Afternoon
* Kokkos Kernels build system hackathon
  * Give TPLs a rational look and feel
  * Make sure appropriate target are exported
  * Remove Cuda dependency in spack package
* MDSPan/View hands on exercise
  * Implement a custom layout
  * Implement custom accessor

Evening
* Social Event: Christian hosting the group for drinks/food

### Friday

Morning
* Performance Monitoring
  * What exists in Core and Kernels
  * What approach and tools do we need for this
  * Watchr2 demo with Chris and Christian G.
* AI Policy discussion
  * what is allowed to do for dev team
  * what do we expect for reviews/PRs
 
Afternoon
* Working with AI assistant for coding and PR reviews
  * Chris demo + tools at Sandia + experience with AI
  * Hands on experience/hackathon with AI
* When will we do our next devs meeting
* Closing remarks
