---
authors: ["kokkos-team"]
title: "KUG-2023"
date: "2023-10-24"
tags: ["User Group Meeting", "2023"]
---

*Last updated:* 2023-10-24

 * [Program](#program)
 * [Contributing](#contributing)
 * [Registration](#registration)
 * [Accomodations](#accomodation)

# Kokkos User Group Meeting 2023

The Kokkos Team will hold a User Group Meeting to gather the community, provide updates on the Kokkos Ecosystem and facilitate collaboration in the Kokkos community!

 * *When:* 12th-15th of December 2023
 * *Where:* UNM Continuing Education, Albuquerque, NM
   * 1634 University Blvd NE, Albuquerque, NM 87131
   * https://maps.app.goo.gl/R8EWzLVuSGbgkeWx5
 * *Registration:* 
   * Before you register: Consider contributing a talk - see [Contributing](#contributing)

## Venue

The Kokkos User Group Meeting will be held at the UNM Continuing Education Center at 1634 University Blvd NE, Albuquerque, NM 87131.
* Free parking is available.
* A light lunch and snacks will be provided. 

## Program

The Kokkos User Group Meeting will consist of a mix of Kokkos Team provided talks and user contributions.

#### Day 1 - Tuesday 12th of December

* 9am - 5pm
* Kokkos Community Development
  * Post ECP future of the Kokkos Community
  * Open Governance and Project Sustainment
  * Developing Partnerships
* Kokkos Primary Project Updates
  * Kokkos Core
  * Kokkos Kernels
  * Kokkos Tools

#### Day 2 - Wednesday 13th of December

* 9am - 5pm
* Kokkos Secondary Project Updates
  * PyKokkos
  * Resilience
  * Remote Spaces
  * Fortran Interop
* Community Talks

#### Day 3 - Thursday 14th of December

* 9am - 5pm
* Community Talks  

#### Day 4 - Friday 15th of December

* 9am - 1pm
* Feedback session
  * What works and doesn't work?
  * Most common stumbling blocks.
  * What features would you like to see?
  * 5min contributed lightning talks + discussion

## Contributing

The Kokkos Team is looking for contributions from users giving insight into their experience.

We are looking for contributions in various areas:

* Use-case presentations
  * Domain specific algorithms
  * Domain specific data structures
  * Clever/Fun ways to use Kokkos
  * Best practices
* Performance Analysis
  * Comparing different hardware
  * Comparison to native implementations
  * Performance optimization tricks
  * Issues where Kokkos prevented good performance
* Development practices and debugging
  * Software engineering approaches for Kokkos
  * Build system integration experience
  * Best practices for debugging Kokkos applications
* Experiences with teaching/learning Kokkos
  * Beginners experience: how was the onboarding, what could have helped?
  * Teachers experience: what additional material would be useful, how does the existing one hold up?
* Student contributions
  * Talks by undergraduate and graduate students, who wish to present their work with Kokkos

Format: 20 min talks and potentially 5 min lightning talks

**Please indicate your interest in contributing a talk by providing a talk title in the comment section of the registration form.**

## Registration

You must register to attend. Attendance is capped with a first-come first-served policy.

A registration fee of $125 will be charged. 

*Registration Link:* 

## Accomodation

Albuquerque is NOT an inherently walkable city, however there are two decent hotels close enough that a car wouldn't be strictly necessary.
Besides those there are many good hotels throughout Albuquerque. Any place *east* of the River (i.e. in Albuquerque proper) will be fine and at most 15-20mins by car.
There is *NO* usable public transport other than ride services.

*We do NOT recommend staying in the nearyby Motel6/Studio6!*

#### Home2 Suites by Hilton Albuquerque/Downtown-University

  * *Website:* https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/abqduht-home2-suites-albuquerque-downtown-university/
  * *Price:* ~$125/night

#### Crowne Plaza Albuquerque

  * *Website:* https://www.ihg.com/crowneplaza/hotels/us/en/albuquerque/abqcp
  * *Price:* ~$115/night


