---
authors: ["kokkos-team"]
title: "Kokkos User Group Meeting @HPSFcon"
date: "2025-01-24"
tags: ["User Group Meeting", "2025"]
thumbnail: img/blog/HPSF-Conference-2025.png
---


# Join the Kokkos User Group at HPSFcon 2025!

We are pleased to announce that the next the Kokkos User Group meeting will be
held in **Chicago, IL on May 7th and 8th, 2025**, as part of the inaugural High
Performance Software Foundation (HPSFcon) conference.

## What to Expect:

* **Technical Talks:** Learn about the latest advancements in Kokkos libraries, including new
  features, performance optimizations, and best practices.
* **User Presentations:** Share your experiences using Kokkos and learn from
  others in the community.
* **Networking Opportunities:** Connect with other Kokkos users, developers,
  and experts in the high-performance computing community.
* **Poster Session:** Showcase your research and projects using the Kokkos Ecosystem.

## Who Should Attend:

* Researchers and developers using Kokkos for scientific computing, data
  science, and other high-performance applications.
* Anyone interested in learning more about parallel programming and modern C++.
* HPC professionals looking to improve the performance and portability of their
  applications.

## Why Attend HPSFcon:

HPSFcon is the first-ever conference of the High Performance Software
Foundation, bringing together the community of developers and users of
open-source software for high-performance computing. This is a unique
opportunity to learn about the latest trends and technologies in HPC and
connect with leaders in the field.

# Call for Submissions:

We are seeking high-quality presentations and lightning talks for the Kokkos
User Group meeting.

* **20-minute presentations:** Share your experiences with using Kokkos in your
  research or applications. Topics of interest include:
  * Novel applications of Kokkos libraries
  * Performance optimizations and best practices
  * Experiences with specific Kokkos features
  * Integration of Kokkos Core, Kernels, FFT, etc., with other libraries or frameworks
* **10-minute lightning talks:** Brief presentations on a specific topic
  related to Kokkos, such as:
  * A unique use case for Kokkos
  * A challenging problem encountered while using Kokkos
  * A suggestion for a new Kokkos feature or improvement
We also encourage users to bring up pain points and challenges they face while
using Kokkos. This valuable feedback will help guide future development and
improve the user experience.

Submission Deadline: **February 23, 2025**

Please submit your abstracts through the [HPSFcon submission system](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hpsf-conference/program/cfp/).

## Registration:

Registration for HPSFcon is open now. Do not wait further to register on the
[official HPSFcon website](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/hpsf-conference/).

### We look forward to seeing you in Chicago!




## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
### Q: What if I only want to attend the Kokkos User Group (KUG) meeting?
**A:** You still need to register for HPSFcon. There is no separate registration
process for the KUG meeting.

### Q: Is there a virtual attendance option for the KUG meeting?
**A:** Unfortunately, no. The 2025 Kokkos User Group meeting will be held in-person
at HPSFcon in Chicago. This provides a valuable opportunity for face-to-face
interaction with the Kokkos developer team and other users in the community.

### Q: Will the talks and presentations from the KUG meeting be recorded and posted online later?
**A:** No, recordings will not be made available. This in part due to financial
considerations, and it hopefully encourages in-person participation and
facilitates real-time discussions and networking.
